    It's check covers difficult situations you encounter while climbing, Jumping, or swimming.
    It's check covers your attempt to stay on your feet in a tricky situation.
    It's check Whenever you attempt an act of legerdemain or manual trickery.
    It's check when you attempt to conceal yourself from enemies or sneak up on someone without being seen or heard.
    It's check measures your ability to recall lore about Spells, Magic Items and the inhabitants of those planes.
    It's check measures your ability to recall lore about historical events,legendary people and lost civilizations.
    It's looks around for clues and make deductions based on those clues and check location of a hidden object.
    It's check measures your ability to recall lore about terrain, Plants and animals, the weather, and natural cycles.
    It's check measures your ability to recall lore about religious hierarchies, holy symbols, and the practices of secret cults.
    It's check to control your mount when you attempt a risky maneuver,calm down a domesticated animal and keep a mount from getting spooked
    It's check decides whether you can determine the true intentions of a creature,involves gleaning clues from body Languages.
    It's let you try to stabilize a dying companion or diagnose an illness.
    It's let you spot, hear, or otherwise detect the presence of something and the keenness of your senses.
    It's check to follow tracks,hunt wild game,guide your group through frozen wastelands.
    It's check determines whether you can convincingly hide the truth, either verbally or through your actions.
    It's allows you to attempt influence someone through overt threats, hostile actions, and physical violence.
    It's check determines how well you can delight an audience with music, dance, acting, storytelling, or some other form of entertainment.
    It's helps to acting in good faith, to foster friendships, make cordial requests, or exhibit proper etiquette.